# MSMC Transport "CALLIOPE"// 2.21.5014u
Are en-route to the  nearest **BLINK GATE**. Guided by MSMC Commanding Officer **BRANDT**, Squad **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** was given a rudimentary team-building exercise known as Virtual Training. 

In this Virtual Training, **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** was reacqainted with their **EVEREST** mechanised chassis by taking part in a re-enactment of the final mission of the campaign against the **CELESTINE**, operation suzeraine. The members of **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** awaken aboard the MSMC Transport **"CALLIOPE"**.

# MSMC Transport "CALLIOPE" // 3.01.5014u

**BRANDT** assembles the squad for their briefing, sending them the initial tasking packet to their slates. The **CALLIOPE** has recieved a distress signal from the nearby colony of **HERCYNIA**, on the planet of **ARDENNES-3**. He also mentions that the **MSMC** are automatically subcontracted from **UNION** to respond to any distress calls, so the operation is under finer scrutiny than usual.

1. Union’s imperative dictates that the squad treat the situation with utmost care. Hercynia is potentially populated by some sort of indigenous human culture, but the evidence is unclear.
2. The current holder of Hercynia’s charter is Landmark Colonial, a subsidiary of SmithShimano Corpro. The Squad is to make contact with Landmark’s representative on the ground first in order to present their credentials and integrate into the local hierarchy.
3. Hercynia was once subject to a widespread and catastrophic SecComm expeditionary campaign. The records lack detail, but building from what has been recovered from the old Union Colonial Mission indicates that the Second Committee mounted a handful of similar campaigns against resistant populations. This likely accounts for the massive amount of radiation, distress signals, encrypted comms, and general “noise” coming off the world. The squad should expect to encounter old Union military infrastructure in the form of unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and possibly even abandoned ground-based installations.

# MSMC Transport "CALLIOPE" // 3.02.5014u

As they approach the world, their ship’s SIGINT deck reports that Hercynia is throwing off an incredible amount of noise – likely because it is a post-collapse SecComm “punching bag” world littered with old, decaying military infrastructure, and ruins – and they find themselves unable to get clear signals. All of this matches the thin profile pushed to them by local flightcomm. Unfortunately, optics are shot as well. Hercynia appears to be socked in under a planetwide monsoon season, blanketing all but the most extreme poles with thick cloud cover.

 **BRANDT** mentions that, as the **CALLIOPE** does not have the fuel to land and still make it to the nearest **BLINK GATE**, as such **DELTA-ECHO-ECHO-ZULU** will engage in a High-Altitude-Low-Orbit insertion. Time is of the essence, the squad straps into their hardsuits and preps for the descent down the gravity well. 

# Ardennes-3 "Hercynia" // 3.02.5014u


The squad splashes down safely, assembling their gear as a small group approaches them. The group introduces themselves as a militia, with **BRAVA HADURA** as their Commander. She quickly informs them to get moving – and stay low, as there's a sniper in the area. It will be **ONE YEAR** until the **CALLIOPE** can return.